Lab 5 with Jon Pulsipher and Badr Almadhi - 
Code at: https://github.com/BadrAlmadhi/MSD-repo/blob/main/CS6012/week2/day6/lab5/src/Median.java

1. What activities did you do as the driver? What activities did you do as the navigator?
I started as the navigator, directing Badr to implement the first function signatures (which we ultimately discarded, realizing our first 
read of the lab was incorrect). We switched, but we were having trouble understanding how to complete the tasks the lab requested so Badr
didn't feel comfortable giving me navigation. At that point, it wasn't really possible to continue while formally following the navigator/
driver paradigm of pair programming, so we went forward, talking and writing in a muddle away. Ultimately, we both did all the activities 
and I don't remember who wrote what in the final program.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of serving in each role?
I feel strange answering this because I'm confident we did it wrong. But I will answer it. From a psychological perspective, the driver's
role is reacting to things, writing as the navigator directs and pointing out things the navigator may overlook, which is also a reactive 
thing to do. For some engineers, this may be a more relaxing role. The navigator gets the benefit of choosing what goes into the program 
and how it goes in, which can be very satisfying, if more demanding. Is 'how this makes them feel' the right lens with which to evaluate 
Pair Programming? I dunno. It's forefront in my mind. Pair Programming is stressful for me, and when I first heard about it I considered 
finding a different field (my current stance on it is more moderate - still stressful though). 

3. How often did you and your partner switch roles? Did you switch often enough?
I think we switched roles 5 or 6 times. Felt like the right amount. If we had understood the lab better, we would have gone faster and 
switched maybe once.

4. Which is your preferred role and why?
I don't have enough experience to give a good answer, but I'll say navigation, because we were having trouble figuring out what to do and 
when I was designated as navigator I felt more comfortable taking the lead in that. 

5. Explain why this is a BAD test case for your method: assertEquals("bird", MedianSolver.median(new String[]{"bird", "cat", "dog", "ant"}))
"bird" and "cat" would be equally valid returns according to project instructions. If you wanted to still test with that data set you could 
assert "bird" or "cat" matched (using proper syntax, of course).

6. Explain how you could change the test to make it "valid" and explain how you could change the specification so that this is considered a "good" test
Changing test:
String medianTest = MedianSolver.median(new String[]{"bird", "cat", "dog", "ant"});
Assertions.AssertTrue(medianTest.equals("bird") || mediantTest.equals("cat"));
Changing spec:
for even arrays, return the lower-in-sort-order element of the two middle elements.
