Jon Pulsipher - 6012 - Lab 2: Timing Experiments
1) On your computer, how many times per second does the millisecond timer update?
It updates the millisecond value 1000.0 times per second, but loops ~330,142,100 times per second. 

2) Is it possible to determine how many times per second the nanosecond timer updates? If so, how many? If not, why not?
Not really, because it's influenced by other things happening in your computer that are outside of your control. It is possible 
to determine how many times it did update (by recording it) and make a good guess for how many times it will next time (by recording 
it many times, subtracting out the additional time you took recording it, and averaging)).

3) Judging by experiment 4, how long does it appear to take to compute System.nanoTime()?
It "appears" to take ~100 nanoseconds because that's the value getting printed. Adding a -1 value to our printout array when continue 
is called shows that our loop will call System.nanoTime 2-3 times before receiving an updated value for nanotime. If System.nanoTime 
accounts for most of the runtime of our loop, than it takes at most 33 - 50 nanoseconds. 

4) Estimate the precision of your answer above (+/- how many nanoseconds?)
41 nanoseconds +/- 8 nanoseconds. We could time a more accurate number with a compensation loop that subtracted the time for 
non System.nanoTime() assignments and look-ups in the loop.

5) How long does it take to compute the square root of the numbers 1 through 10?
~61 nanoseconds.

6) Estimate the precision of your answer above (+/- how many nanoseconds?)
+/- 4 (from 10 tests: 65, 67, 59, 58, 62, 61, 59, 59, 58, 64)

7) If you repeat the square root test 100x as many times, does the precision improve?
Yes, but with diminishing returns. With one test you have very little sense of how precise your measurement was, but even two
tests are a significant improvement. 

8) How could you improve the results (get a more accurate estimate of elapsed time)?
You could...
- average multiple results of running this measurement (they do vary)
- turn off other processes on the computer, especially those with variable performance
- potentially, add a 'while' loop for the process to 'spin down' at the end? I don't know why this would work, but in the same
way I've seen unexpected values at the start of a loop that doesn't spin up, I have seen unexpected values at the end. Please 
tell me if I've gone mad.